README.md, before:

# codes-set
A set of codes

project-graduation:

	This is my college graduation project, and the environment is listing as fowlling:
		1.the Single Chip Microcomputer C8051f020
		2.the LCD Screen of 12864
		3.the temperature sensor DS18B20
		4.the smoke sensor MQ_2
		5.the GSM TC35
		and so on
	At last the programming environment is Keil uVision4.
	It can real time monitoring more than one places and alarm through the phone number
	setting by owner if the place have unusual things.

project-contacts:

	It is a contacts table with some operations. Such as add, delete, modify and so on.

project-chat:

	It is a little chat program, and it also can transfer files.

project-studentinfo:

	It is a student infomation table and it's operations via net socket.

book-tlpi:

	The source code of The Linux Programming Interface.

	The example programs for The Linux Programming Interface are provided in two versions:
		A distribution version, which includes extra material that is not shown in the book version.
		A book version, which shows the program exactly as it appears in the book.

	Differences between the distribution and book versions occur for the following reasons:
		1.In some cases, extra comments are included in the distribution version of the code.
		  These comments allow the program to be read more easily in isolation from the book.
		2.The distribution versions of some of the programs includes extra code that helps make
		  the programs more portable to non-Linux systems. (This code was excluded from the
		  book versions of the programs in order to keep the book versions shorter, and also
		  because the extra code is sometimes nonportable and system-specific.) Comments in
		  the distribution version explain the purpose of this added code and the systems to which
		  it applies.
		3.The distribution versions of a few of the programs includes extra code that allows the
		  programs to run on older Linux systems. The most common example is code that
		  conditionally defines constants that may not be defined in the header files in older glibc
		  versions. (This code was excluded from the book versions of the programs in order to
		  keep the book versions shorter.
		4.The distribution version of a few of the programs provides extra functionality beyond
		  that of the book version. The distribution version thus provides further detail beyond
		  that available in the book version. (Generally, the book version was made shorter so that
		  it occupied less page space in the book, while still being sufficient to demonstrate the
		  essential concepts.)

book-ywm:

	The source code of Data Struct written by WeiMing Yan.

book-unp:

	The source code of UNIX Network Programming(The 3rd version)

	This book is for people who want to write programs that communicate with each other using an application
	program interface (API) known as sockets. Some readers may be very familiar with sockets already,
	as that model has become synonymous with network programming. Others may need an introduction to sockets
	from the ground up. The goal of this book is to offer guidance on network programming for beginners
	as well as professionals, for those developing new network-aware applications as well as those maintaining
	existing code, and for people who simply want to understand how the networking components of their system function.

	All the examples in this text are actual, runnable code tested on Unix systems. However, many non-Unix systems
	support the sockets API and the examples are largely operating system-independent, as are the general concepts
	we present. Virtually every operating system (OS) provides numerous network-aware applications such as Web browsers,
	email clients, and file-sharing servers. We discuss the usual partitioning of these applications into client and server
	and write our own small examples of these many times throughout the text.

Commit message:

Book-apue: The first version of book-apue(3rd version)
Signed-off-by: Aaron Chou <zhoubb.aaron@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# codes-set
A set of codes

project-graduation:

	This is my college graduation project, and the environment is listing as fowlling:
		1.the Single Chip Microcomputer C8051f020
		2.the LCD Screen of 12864
		3.the temperature sensor DS18B20
		4.the smoke sensor MQ_2
		5.the GSM TC35
		and so on
	At last the programming environment is Keil uVision4.
	It can real time monitoring more than one places and alarm through the phone number
	setting by owner if the place have unusual things.

project-contacts:

	It is a contacts table with some operations. Such as add, delete, modify and so on.

project-chat:

	It is a little chat program, and it also can transfer files.

project-studentinfo:

	It is a student infomation table and it's operations via net socket.

book-tlpi:

	The source code of The Linux Programming Interface.

	The example programs for The Linux Programming Interface are provided in two versions:
		A distribution version, which includes extra material that is not shown in the book version.
		A book version, which shows the program exactly as it appears in the book.

	Differences between the distribution and book versions occur for the following reasons:
		1.In some cases, extra comments are included in the distribution version of the code.
		  These comments allow the program to be read more easily in isolation from the book.
		2.The distribution versions of some of the programs includes extra code that helps make
		  the programs more portable to non-Linux systems. (This code was excluded from the
		  book versions of the programs in order to keep the book versions shorter, and also
		  because the extra code is sometimes nonportable and system-specific.) Comments in
		  the distribution version explain the purpose of this added code and the systems to which
		  it applies.
		3.The distribution versions of a few of the programs includes extra code that allows the
		  programs to run on older Linux systems. The most common example is code that
		  conditionally defines constants that may not be defined in the header files in older glibc
		  versions. (This code was excluded from the book versions of the programs in order to
		  keep the book versions shorter.
		4.The distribution version of a few of the programs provides extra functionality beyond
		  that of the book version. The distribution version thus provides further detail beyond
		  that available in the book version. (Generally, the book version was made shorter so that
		  it occupied less page space in the book, while still being sufficient to demonstrate the
		  essential concepts.)

book-ywm:

	The source code of Data Struct written by WeiMing Yan.

book-unp:

	The source code of UNIX Network Programming(The 3rd version)

	This book is for people who want to write programs that communicate with each other using an
	application program interface (API) known as sockets. Some readers may be very familiar with
	sockets already, as that model has become synonymous with network programming. Others may need an
	introduction to sockets from the ground up. The goal of this book is to offer guidance on network
	programming for beginners as well as professionals, for those developing new network-aware applications
	as well as those maintaining existing code, and for people who simply want to understand how the networking
	components of their system function.

	All the examples in this text are actual, runnable code tested on Unix systems. However, many non-Unix systems
	support the sockets API and the examples are largely operating system-independent, as are the general concepts
	we present. Virtually every operating system (OS) provides numerous network-aware applications such as Web browsers,
	email clients, and file-sharing servers. We discuss the usual partitioning of these applications into client and
	server and write our own small examples of these many times throughout the text.

book-apue:

	The source code of Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment(The 3rd version)

	The third edition of Advanced Programming in the UNIX® Environment has been updated to reflect contemporary
	operating systems and recent changes in standards. Obsolete material has been removed, except where that material
	provides a useful historical perspective. The four platforms used to test the examples in the book include FreeBSD 8.0,
	Linux 3.2.0, Mac OS X 10.6.8 and Solaris 10. These platforms are a moving target, and most likely there are newer versions
	available now, so your mileage may vary.

	Major changes include the addition of POSIX asynchronous I/O, POSIX semaphores, spin locks, and barriers. In total,
	more than 70 new interfaces are covered. In addition, most of the STREAMS-related material was removed, because STREAMS
	interfaces are now considered to be obsolescent by the Single UNIX Specification. If you need information about STREAMS
	programming, check out UNIX System V Network Programming.
